-Bye, mom! Bye, dad!
-Drive carefully!
Have fun, you two.
Yes, we will have
as much fun as possible
on our... Titanic-themed getaway.
Let's lose the 'tude, please,
it's supposed to be romantic.
Speaking of disasters, dad,
we are leaving you in charge.
Can we wrap this up?
Morty and I have some synthetic laser eels
oxidizing in the garage.
Hey, don't blow me off,
I am drawing a line. Okay?
Any damage to this house
or these children when we get back, and...
no more adventures with Morty.
If my mom's the one who's saying it, then
you know it's pretty serious this time.
-That's right.
-Wait, what?
Listen, you have my word as a caregiver,
everything's gonna be fine.
If not, like you say, no more adventures
or whatever. It's like that song...
♪ Blomp blomp-a noop noop
a-noop noop noop ♪
You guys know that song?
From Tiny Rogerts?
You never heard of it? You know,
the black effeminate guy from the 50s?
Nobody?
Alright, whatever. Look, who cares.
Just go on your stupid trip.
Not one thing out of place.
Not a single thing.
[laser sound]
Well, we're past the point of no return,
I'm going to have a party.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
I found Jell-O.
Can you sneak your mom's vodka?
Yes, she does, I saw it
in your laundry room.
Listen, you can't both be
in denial about it. Okay, bye.
Summer, you can't throw a party!
Remember what mom said?
If anything gets messed up,
you and grandpa Rick get punished.
I'm only a human being.
Rick, tell Summer
she can't have a party!
-You can't have a party.
-[scoffs] Ugh!
Because [burps] I'm having a party, bitch!
What? Rick, you can't!
What do you mean you're having a party?
Are some glip glops
from the third dimension
going to come over and play cards?
You're lucky a Traflorkian
doesn't hear you say that.
-Is that like their N-Word?
-It's like the N-word and the C-word
had a baby and it was raised
by all the bad words for Jews.
I think we could just have a nice time,
like just hanging out,
and doing a little bonding--
Screw that! This is my chance
to gain some footing with the cool kids.
That's why you party?
Boy, you really are 17.
-Why do you party?
-To get [burps] wriggedy wrecked, son!
Just keep your sci-fi friends
away from my awesome ones.
Yeah, and you keep your awesome friends
away from my canapés.
After dinner, Titanic 2 will attach to
the rail system near our replica iceberg,
and the hydraulics encased in these
will execute a controlled sink
into the icy depths.
A rail system seems archaic
for an attraction this impressive.
-Are you sure the ship will sink?
-I can assure you the ship will sink
as it has a thousand times before.
It is un-unsinkable.
[all marveled]
Look, it's the line for the bow!
Jerry, I'd love to just kick back
with a Margarita and read.
Do you mind if I skip the whole
"King of the World" bit?
Well, it's not that bit,
that's Jack and Fabrizio.
This is where Rose says:
"I'm flying, Jack!"
But whatever, I can be the only one
to do it alone.
Well, what about her? Excuse me, ma'am.
Would you like to take my place in line?
-I... could get into trouble.
-We won't tell.
So... you're a Titanic fanatic?
Oh, yes. I've worked here since it opened
but I've never been able to participate.
Happy to help, Rose.
[she giggles]
I love watching bukkake. I don't know
if I personally would ever do it...
-Brad! Hey!
-Yo.
Brad is here!
Quick, make my hair look drunk!
Check it out!
Tammy's already drunk. Cool.
The beacon was activated,
who is in danger?
-[sighs] Grandpa!
-Birdperson!
-I am pleased there is no emergency.
-There's an emergency alright.
A [censor beep] emergency.
When's the last time you got laid, 'Pers?
It has been a challenging mating season
for Birdperson.
Then it's time
to get your beak wet tonight.
Go have some fun out there, Birdperson.
Oh, man! How many people
did you invite, Rick?
Uh... people?
Six.
-Yo, what up, my glip glops!
-Oh, man!
[nervous] Oh! Oh!
You know there's a garbage, right?
Hey... What the hell?
That's why you never invite a Floopy Doop
and a Shmoopy Doop to the same party.
[squeaky bed sounds]
Oh, Go--, oh! that's disgusting,
you guys are in my parents' bed!
Oh, sorry. I'm not feeling too well.
I just needed to lie down for a bit.
[embarrassed] Oh, okay. Sorry. [laughs]
Oh my god, are you kidding me?
The thing people don't realize
about the Gear Wars
is that it was never really
about the gears at all.
-Yeah. No, totally.
-Rick! You gotta stop--
-Morty! Have you met Gearhead?
-Hey how's--
Morty would love to hear
all about the Gear Wars.
How familiar are you
with the Gear Wars exactly?
-Uh... Not at all.
-Oh, boy! I envy you.
Okay, it was about 754 years ago...
Hey, Morty!
Have you met my buddy Scropon?
Not again, Rick. That last guy
droned on for 20 minutes,
and meanwhile,
the house is being destroyed!
This guy's entire planet was destroyed.
Have a little perspective.
-Hey, Rick, squanchy party, bro!
-Aw! Squanchy!
Is there a good place for me
to squanch around here?
You can squanch wherever you want, man.
-Mi casa es su casa, dog.
-Alright! I like your squanch!
Rick, what exactly is "squanching"?
Morty, we've had many really cool
adventures over the last year,
but it's time to relax.
If I relax now, there might not even be
any more adventures.
Jesus, you're bumming me out!
Can't we pretend everything's fine
for a few hours,
enjoy ourselves,
and worry about all this later?
That's easy for you to say, Rick!
You like not caring about stuff,
you know, what's in this for me?
[sexy music]
[distorted voice] Jessica...
Knock it off, Slow Mobius!
[laughs] Sorry, dude! I'm just trying
to show off my powers, bro.
I can't believe she's here.
What are you doing standing here?
Go! Talk to her!
Tonight, the only adventure
you're on is your cusping manhood.
[both laugh]
-Is that what I think it is?
-Yes.
Every couple gets to recreate
Jack's drowning. It's so romantic.
-I can't wait to do that with Beth.
-I don't know, Jerry.
With all due respect, it seems like
your wife may not be interested...
[gasps] Look!
[captain on loudspeaker] Iceberg,
right ahead! The buffet is now closed.
-Uh, sir? There's not a problem.
-What do you mean, there's not a problem?
The guidance system isn't putting us
on a direct collision course.
This ship is about
to completely miss the giant iceberg.
-Well, do something! Steer into it!
-[yells] I'm trying!
It's too late. Ladies and gentlemen...
don't brace yourselves.
[crowd gasps]
-[Jerry] No! What happened?
-[Lucy] The rail system must have failed.
-We're not gonna sink!
-What are we going to do?
Gonna get laid tonight.
-I like your feathers.
-They are designed
-to attract the attention of the female.
-It's working.
Tammy, I should let you know, I just
got out of a highly intense soul bond
with my previous spirit mate.
I'm not looking to get into a soul bond.
I'm just looking for...
I believe Birdperson can arrange that.
Summer! Haven't seen you
at flute practice in a while.
Summer, don't tell me
you're friends with her?
Are you kidding me?
I don't even know why she's here.
Whoa, not cool, Summer. This is
a party, everybody should be welcome.
-Great... Who invited Abradolf Lincler?
-I thought everyone was welcome.
It's not the same, Summer.
Lincler's a crazed maniac.
Just a misguided effort of mine
to create a morally neutral super leader
combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler
and Abraham Lincoln.
Turns out it [burps] just adds up
to a lame weird loser.
Rick! You brought me into this world.
A suffering abomination tortured
by the duality of its being!
But I shall finally know peace
[yells] when I watch the life drain
from your wretched body.
-Whoa! What's up, man?
-I have no quarrel with you, boy.
"Boy"? What's that supposed to mean?
It's just... look, I don't know
how you thought I meant it, but...
Don't look at me, dude.
Look, I'm half Abraham Lincoln, so...
I should get on my knees
and kiss your ass?
Well, no, but, you know...
What do I know? That the Third Reich
will reign for a thousand years?
-Leave him alone.
-Stay out of this, Jessica!
-Kick his ass, Brad!
-[crowd chants] Kick his ass!
-Brad!
-Kick his ass!
-Rick!
-I just did you a favor, Morty.
Sorry about all that.
Rick has some really strange friends.
Brad is such a jerk. He's always
trying to prove what a man he is.
I just want to find somebody
nice and sweet.
Jessica, can I show you something?
Wow! Look at all this stuff!
Yeah, this is me and my grandpa's
sci-fi workshop. Check this out.
It's beautiful.
You know, there's something
I've always wanted to tell you.
-What's that, Morty?
-I think that you're the most--
No, that! Those weird sounds
coming from the closet over there.
[rustling]
-Oh my god!
-Hey! I'm squanching in here!
Oh, my God, I'm...
That is so disgusting! Ow!
Oh, crap!
[crowd screams]
Huh, big star in the sky.
[inhales]
Oxygen-rich atmosphere.
Giant testicle monsters.
We'll be fine. Let's party!
[yells] Paaaaarty!
["Shake That Ass Bitch"]
[crowd cheers]
I swear to God, if it weren't for the fact
that everyone's having a blast in there,
I would be so furious with you right now.
You hear that, Morty? You really
lucked out with Summer on that one.
How are you guys not freaking out?
The whole house
is sitting in another dimension!
What the hell are we supposed to do?
Mom and dad will kill us! I'm losing it!
Relax, Morty, relax. It's gonna be fine.
All we have to do is go out
and find us some Kalaxian crystals.
Oh, shit, [censor beep]!
Kalaxian Crystals, Morty!
Just a few miles south of here!
Okay, let's go then. We gotta go
get those crystals right now.
Whoa, Morty! I can't go with you.
I gotta hang back and make sure
everything stays cool here.
Who knows?
What if somebody breaks something.
Yeah, me too. I should stay.
-You guys have any aspirin?
-Oh, hey! This is perfect!
-You can take Lincler with you!
-I'm not going anywhere, I'm injured.
Shut up, Lincler. It's the least
you can do for wrecking the living room.
-Yeah, and Nancy, you should go too!
-What? Why me?
Because... uh...
you're so good at playing the flute!
[captain] Sorry for the inconvenience,
we should resume sinking shortly.
In the meantime, please stay on the ship
and enjoy a complimentary plate
of James Cameronion rings.
Great. Not only is the ship not sinking,
but now the fourth wall's been broken.
[sighs] I am gonna go back to the room
to finish my book.
-You should find that Lucy woman.
-But, but...
[clears throat] You see, Jerry?
May I show you something?
Had everything gone as planned,
this entire area would be underwater.
[sighs] I'd have liked to see it.
This trip has been a titanic failure.
Get it?
Oh!
-Draw me, Jerry.
-Oh, boy. Lucy... wow!
This isn't what I had in mind.
But it's the perfect moment.
We've been dreaming about this
for 16 years!
Um... not like this. Not with you.
You are gonna draw me!
Then, you're going to [censor beep] me
in that car over there.
It's weird cause I definitely think
that all men are created equal,
-but at the same time...
-The crystals should be really close.
There they are!
Wait! Something's not right.
[creature roars, Nancy screams]
Get the crystals!
I'll handle the beast.
Prepare to be emancipated
from your own inferior genes.
Summer's gonna like me again!
-Lincler, come on, let's get outta here!
-Mein journey is over, Morty.
I have something important to tell you...
[jester music] ♪ And the gears
they turned for a thousand years ♪
♪ Until the dark day
that they stopped ♪
-Rick, I got 'em! I got the crystals!
-Alright! You did it, Morty!
Wait! There's something you need to know.
I couldn't have done it without Lincler.
He said that he was sorry
and that he loves you like a father.
He only wanted you to accept him and hopes
that his final act would redeem him.
He sacrificed himself
to save all of us, Rick. He died.
Well at least he didn't die in vain.
He got these crystals.
[Rick snorts]
And these babies just saved this
lame ass party! Wubba lubba dub dub!
Somebody play something.
Wait a minute, what?
[beat music]
[Rick exhales]
♪ Put your right foot forward
and your left foot back ♪
♪ Then slide around
like on a Nordic track ♪
♪ Move to the left,
step to the right ♪
♪ Wiggle your elbows
and look up into the light ♪
[singers] ♪ It's the, it's the,
it's the Rick Dance ♪
♪ It's the, it's the,
Slow Mobius, hit me with the clock beam!
[record scratching]
♪ It's the, it's the,
it's the Rick Dance ♪
That's the Rick dance!
[crowd cheers, Rick burps]
-[laughs] Whoa! Oh, man!
-What the hell was that?
I thought those crystals
were supposed to help us get home!
What? No.
I can get us home whenever I want to.
Speaking of those crystals...
can I get the rest?
I'm starting to come down.
Crystal Kalaxian is a really strong
but fleeting high.
-That's what I think of your crystals!
-Aw, Morty, you idiot!
Does anybody else have any more KLax?
-Birdperson? Squanchy?
-Don't squanch at me.
Alright everybody, party is
officially over! Rick, take us home. Now!
Alright, fine, Morty.
You party pooper buzzkill.
-Boooo, booo! Morty sucks!
-You suck, whatever your name is.
[Rick] You're the worst, Morty.
But these gears just started turnin'!
Almost finished, Jerry?
Almost! I haven't quite captured
your beautiful eyes.
I'm sure it's good enough. Move!
Every weekend Jacks and Roses have
their Titanic experience in this car,
and I have to mop it up.
The floor drops out to make it easier.
But now it's my turn. We're going
to get it nice and steamy in there.
And I'm going to slam my hand on the steam
and leave a nice handprint
and then you're going to love
inside of me. No mess. No clean.
Beth!
Bet you're glad I think
Kindles are dumb now.
[Beth] I can't help
but feel a little guilty.
I didn't peg Lucy for a rapist.
What does a rapist look like exactly?
Is it a Slavic man wearing
a denim jacket with a patchy beard
and the scent of cheap champagne
wafting over his blister pocked lips?
What?
At least you got all this free stuff.
Should be enough to satisfy
your Titanic jones for a while.
I'm not going to fit.
Beth, listen to me.
You're going to get outta here.
You're gonna go on--
-Jerry, just leave the door.
-It's not a door. It's debris.
-I don't care, just leave it.
-Yeah, okay.
[cackles] Cape Fear!
Cape Fear!
I'm going to do like from Cape Fear!
[cries out in agony]
[Squanchy] Hey, squanchers!
The party's squanchin' on at my place!
[crowd cheers]
Cool! I'm comin' too!
Um... no. You're not squanchy enough
for a squanchy party.
-What?
-Nancy told us what a bitch you are.
Guys? Seriously? Nancy?
Summer, you're a bad person.
All you care about
is having popular people like you.
That's not what Abradolf Lincler
stood for. Well, it was hard to pin down
what he stood for,
but it's certainly not what he died for.
Next time I party, I'm just gonna
focus on getting totally wrecked.
You're so wise.
[Rick mumbles]
-May I assist you with that?
-Uh, sure, yeah, thanks.
Morty, do you know what
"Wubba lubba dub dub" means?
-It's Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase.
-It's not nonsense at all.
In my people's tongue it means:
"I am in great pain. Please help me."
Well, I got news for ya,
he's saying it ironically.
No, Morty. Your grandfather
is indeed in very deep pain.
[Rick snores]
That is why he must numb himself.
-Come on, um...
-Birdperson.
Come on, Birdperson.
Rick's not that complicated.
He's just a huge asshole.
Then why do you care if you are no longer
allowed to continue on your adventures?
It appears fate has presented you
with an opportunity to free yourself
of Rick forever.
You're right. I shouldn't even care.
This is the best thing
that could've happened to me.
I'm sick of having adventures with Rick.
My people have another saying:
"Gubba nub nub doo rah kah."
It means:
"Whatever lets you sleep at night."
[phone chimes]
Guys, mom and dad are like,
right around the corner.
This is your moment, Morty.
Choose wisely.
Tammy!
[caws]
[Rick snores]
Wow, we are so screwed.
-Rick, wake up!
-Wait? What--?
Rick, you gotta do something quick.
My parents are home!
Alright. Hold on.
Oh, my God!
They're walking up the driveway!
-Bring me the thing.
-What thing?
The thing, the thing!
It's got like buttons on it
and lights and it beeps.
-That describes everything in your garage!
-Do you mean this?
Summer [burps] for the win.
That should do it.
-Whoa, what did you do?
-See for yourself.
Wow!
Yeah, everything's frozen in time.
And Slow Mobius thinks he's all that.
-For how long?
-I dunno.
How long do you guys want?
A week? A month?
Can we start cleaning the house
and see how we feel?
[music]
-Worst movie ever.
-Dumb.
Oh, boy, what a waste of time!
[all laugh]
Get it? You know, cause it's frozen.
This has been so much fun.
Hey, Rick, you know, this whole time
I haven't once heard you say
that "Wubba lubba dub dub" thing?
Don't need to.
[burps] I have a new catch phrase.
-Oh, yeah? What's that, Rick?
-I love my grandkids.
Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase
is "I don't give a [censor beep]!"
♪ Just shake that ass, bitch
and let me see what you got ♪
Roll credits!
Roll the credits, go!
That's the end of season one!
That's the end, [censor beep]!
"I don't give a [censor beep]"
is my new catchphrase! [censor beep] you!
That's season one! Boom!
Season one up in your face, [censor beep]!
Yeah!
[Rick and Morty main theme]
Revenge...
What--?
[party kid] Party!
[party kid] Woah, baby!
[Lincler] Oh, please! Stop!
-Hey, bro!
-I don't understand.
Are you enjoying this?
Do you like this?
[kid] Yeah, you know it, dawg!
[kid] Woah, baby!